maybe it is not so widely known but
tights are both male and some
even fishermen and hunters love them very much
wear putting on under your pants because i don't
I tried but they say it is very warm
it seems amazing what is thin
the product can warm but in fact
even a small layer of tight fitting
tissues really greatly reduces
body heat loss and tights with
unusual features for example for
slimming with red pepper extract and
massage action as
effectively one of these models we
offered to test models
Natalya Markova which acts
fashionable skater category plus
control the volume and it is necessary and here it is very
convenient and allows you to adjust
the figure is a little bit which is very nice
when you work on a photo shoot
Will it be as promised by the manufacturer already
after a month to achieve significant
reduce thighs and will not
burn this pepper in such an unusual place
soon find out and in the meantime ask
professionals who make tights
why are they so often torn
it turns out the whole thing is that we need
choose the right pay attention not
only on density which is measured in
prices are stronger than hotels in which more
elastane this component is also indicated
on the label attached to the main polyamide
mass elasticity strength and
wear resistance amount of elastane
departure
and should be between 8 and 20 25 percent
here's how it looks in practice first
sample
content of elastane only two percent
catch hook
tights break under the weight of 3 kilograms
12 percent of elastane can withstand
five kilos however not all so
simply
tights 40 percent elastane
unexpectedly already torn by only two
kilograms is a feature of slimming
tights
the main part of elastane is in
the hips and in the area of ​​his legs completely
so little and they will tear
pretty quick but here's a field test
check the strength of tights on yourself
there will be three correspondents miracle of technology
no not these
and Katia Tanya and light in the experiment
are involved
Katya will test cheap tights for 50
rubles with two percent of elastane
Tanya average price category 150
rubles and 12 percent of the world will wear
tights for 450 rubles where most
its 100 to 27 percent
contact zoo place where the legs
meet with the claws of Kharkov kenotaf
rabbits porcupines meerkats and other
very sweet
but sometimes pretty nippers animals
oh no no no oh well
creativity
what are you biting and forging nothing
ordinary life the same enemies tights
stand out zippers jewelry
decorating long nails furniture in
As a result, 2 cheap options were
all the catch and expensive tights at all
not hurt look even
even here I am now specifically his sweetheart
I will make here they are anime stretch
almost no clues but for now
justify their price
let's see what will be the final
test and what other tights are
red white and blue pink with
Nobody draws any pictures and laces
surprise there are more unusual
anti-cellulite anti-varicose massage
or here for example moisturizers sometimes
women complain of dry skin when
long wearing pantyhose
but there is nothing like Kate on our
request checked on myself i wear these
tights a few days
feeling very nice skin
really became not so dry and
amazing she doesn't work and here
maternity tights fit far
Not everyone is waiting for the light to baby
force this model week and was
unhappy tights with corners
installation density of 40 den
I didn't like them at all
have a mounting effect of support for
waist and abdomen I did not find something
there is from ordinary someone if nothing
different in effects and they are very bad
look on foot
like chinese consumer goods and skater
Natalia for the month wearing their own pepper
pantyhose effect is also not felt
Okay, at least it didn't burn here 107 no effect
how was it left two you are cha-cha-cha
and this is our final test to check
convenience and practicality of tights of different
price categories 3 tester pro
Katia Tanya and the light went to
master class to a famous dancer
evgeny papunaishvili who once
coincidence was filmed in pantyhose advertising
it was cool true with balluds
visas
Eugene and his school teachers showed
girls like to dance cha-cha-cha and
more active legs
we do not regret the tights two three girls what
from my tights well what means
never one slip not interfere and you
how are you my brother on they slide off me
feeling that there is from without without putting on
there were some of them before the mark
same and wrinkles here have the most from and
I can admit I already hate mine
tights
they don't squeeze my legs like that
it's just that they don’t crawl on the forehead
sorry for my bodies and in two hours
tired but satisfied could rate
the result is convenient for me they are not
interfere not pull but here they are
found but they did not crawl
so well ka well ka show about
this one that they have nothing grandfather in contrast
from thy that they are kept pressed
don't run they just go down
and here you are as a child wore either
grandmothers if you have shorts
I would be quite a hundred percent although I
broke as a result of the girls agreed to
Opinion that tights for 150 200 rubles with
twelve percent elastane is
best option
there is no point in spending more if they are all
equal torn by the way when it's still
happened too there are options
benefit from the situation and make
something nice